(HAMMERING)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
(BOTH CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
(CROWD SHOUTING IN ENCOURAGEMENT)
(GRUNTING)
Jackson, you gonna go to Hong Kong?
I love anything with full contact.
I need a few more scars on my face.
But I heard you can get
killed at that kumite.
Only if you fuck up.
(GRUNTS LOUDLY)
(BOTH GROANING)
(LAUGHING)
Tomorrow, we leave for the kumite.
Sir?
(SIGHS)
Excuse me,
but Colonel Cooke would like to
see you before you leave on furlough.
What's the problem?
The Colonel found out
you're going to Hong Kong.
He wants to talk to you about it.
Tell him I'll be right there,
after I take a shower.
But I'll have to wait, sir.
Okay.
- (WATER RUNNING) - What's
taking so long, Captain?
Captain?
Shit!
Sir!
Where's Dux?
He was at the gym, like you said.
Took a shower, I waited,
and he disappeared.
What do you mean, he disappeared?
One minute he was there,
next, he wasn't.
Jesus Christ! If anything happens
to Dux in Hong Kong...
Get Helmer and Rawlins
on this right away.
And I don't want to
see your face again
until Dux is beside it! Understand?
(SIGHS)
How is he?
He's resting now. He'll be so happy
to see you.
It's so good to be here again.
(EXCLAIMS IN CONTENTMENT)
I tell him you are here.
Thank you.
CHUCK: Wow! Look at the sword!
Let's get it.
Come on, Frank. What's the matter,
you chicken?
No. Then get in here.
EDDIE: Hey, Frank, you wanna
hang out with us, then come on!
You just gonna stand there, or are you
gonna grab something?
(DOOR OPENING)
Shit! They're coming back!
Let's get out of here!
CHUCK: Come on, Frank!
EDDIE: Forget him! Let's go!
That's enough, Shingo.
Go to your studies.
You cannot get katana sword by stealing.
It is very special sword.
You must earn it.
I wasn't going to steal it.
You didn't flinch.
You have fighting spirit.
You're not gonna call the cops?
Mmm, not if we make a deal.
What kind of a deal?
TANAKA: Your son and my son
are in the same school.
Frank sees my son's skill
and he desires to
learn martial science, too.
MR. DUX: Yes, but what do you mean
by martial science?
Frank has told me you came to
America to grow vine.
Yes, that's right. I work at
the Vernet Vineyard.
I came here to grow
fish in my hatchery.
We both grow children.
You use science to make vines grow better.
Like vines, children need training.
Martial science provide a way of training.
Brings mind, body, spirit together.
That's enough. That's all for today.
Not yet.
Why don't you quit, round-eye?
Go practice your katas.
How come you coach him, but not me?
I brought you here to help me train my son.
Don't question me!
If you expect me to be his punching
bag, you can forget about our deal.
(BOYS SHOUTING)
Someday
I'll fight in the kumite
and make my father proud.
FRANK: Shidoshi, I feel like
I've lost part of my family, too.
Shingo and I were close friends,
like brothers.
And you and Mrs. Tanaka
have treated me like a son.
What will happen now?
No more training.
I stop now.
But you have so much to teach.
You don't understand.
In the war, I lost my first family,
my son, daughter, and wife.
They lived in Hiroshima.
I left Japan because of the war.
War was wrong.
I came here to start over,
begin a new family, have a son.
Another chance to pass on the teaching.
For 2,000 years
knowledge passed from father to son,
father to son.
When Shingo died,
it stopped.
Teach me. I can do it.
You are not Japanese!
You are not a Tanaka!
You told me, using any
technique that works,
never to limit myself to one style,
to keep an open mind.
Why?
To honor you, Shidoshi.
(GROANING)
(GROANING CONTINUES)
(PANTING)
(GRUNTING)
(WIND CHIMES TINKLING)
(GRUNTS)
(EXHALES SLOWLY)
Practice until you can meditate
and nothing can distract you,
so that you see and feel nothing
except your own energy.
(EXHALES SLOWLY)
(SCREAMING)
(FRANK BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GRUNTING)
Are you awake, Shidoshi?
Do you sleep with your eyes open?
How are you feeling?
(SIGHS) Like an old man.
And how about you?
(SIGHS) I'm going to Hong Kong.
You sure you want to do this?
To honor you means everything to me.
I have pour all my knowledge into you.
When you fight, my
spirit fight with you.
In kumite, you will need it.
Hey, babe, want to go out
with a real big man?
No, huh?
Too handsome for you, huh, honey?
This your first time in Hong Kong?
You two are here for
the kumite, aren't you?
Kumite? What is kumite?
Look, guys, I know there's a secret,
full-contact event
being held in Hong Kong
in the next few days.
Yes. Hong Kong is an exciting city.
I also happen to know a little bit
about some of your competition.
Okay. Um...
Would you just tell me
how you got invited?
(ALL GREETING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
Thanks, guys.
(VIDEO GAME BEEPING)
(LAUGHING)
(END OF GAME SONG PLAYING)
What? Think you can give
me some competition?
Sure. I'll try.
That's what I like to hear, a
kid who isn't afraid to lose.
No, no. I got it. I don't want to
take your money.
(COINS CLINKING)
(SIGHS) You ready?
Yeah.
(GAME CHARACTERS CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
(SIGHS)
You like this kind of fighting, huh?
Yeah.
If you want to see some real fighting,
you can see me fight at the kumite.
I'm here, too, for the kumite.
Aren't you a little
young for full contact?
old for video games?
You want to go at it again, huh?
Yeah.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
(CHARACTERS CONTINUE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
Not bad, kid. Name's Ray Jackson.
I'm Frank Dux.
Mrs. Tanaka...
Mrs. Tanaka?
Yes?
Mrs. Tanaka, it's very important
to the government of the United States
that we find Frank Dux.
We understand that he might have
visited Mr. Tanaka here recently.
Mr. Tanaka is very ill.
We're sorry to hear that.
Was Frank here recently?
Frank came here to pay his respects.
When was that? Two days ago.
Did he say, or do you know if he
was going to Hong Kong?
I don't know.
Of course you know.
Look, we're not trying to...
Mrs. Tanaka, we're very sorry to
have disturbed you.
Thank you very much for your time.
HOTEL CLERK: May I help you?
JACKSON: Yeah. How you doing?
My name's Jackson.
This is Mr. Frank Dux.
Are our rooms ready?
Mr. Lin in Room 310 wants to see you
after you check in.
Who the hell's Mr. Lin?
I'm Lin. You Jackson?
You look like a Jackson.
That would make you Frank Ducks.
No, no. It's Dux.
Gotcha. Like "Put up
your dukes," right?
Okay, so here's the deal.
This is the biggest kumite ever.
We got fighters from all over.
I've been assigned by the IFAA
to help you and the other
North American fighters
to find your way around.
I'm gonna make sure you
guys give it your best
and don't disqualify by fighting
outside the arena.
The Triad, they are like the Mafia,
is allowing us to hold
kumite here this time.
Here it comes, man. The Walled City.
Not a place for outsiders.
You are in Hong Kong,
but you are about to cross an
invisible border into Mainland China.
No joke, man.
It's a rundown piece of no man's land
in the middle of a tourist paradise.
It goes way back to
the old lease agreement
between Great Britain and China.
Once you step out of the sunlight
into the narrow corridors,
it's time to protect your nuts, guys.
(SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
Okay, USA!
"Okay, USA!"
(BABY CRYING)
(PEOPLE QUARRELING INDISTINCTLY)
(WATER DRIPPING)
(MAN CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
(RATS SQUEAKING)
(GONG BANGING)
Okay, guys.
First, you'll show the Black
Dragon boys your invitation.
Then, you got to qualify
and prove to them
you can step onto the runway
and not get killed.
Got it?
Mmm-hmm.
You got it?
It says he represents the Tanaka clan.
You don't look like Tanaka.
Shidoshi Tanaka trained me.
What's the hold-up?
He says Senzo Tanaka is his shidoshi.
What's the difference if
Bruce Springsteen is his shidoshi?
If Senzo Tanaka is his shidoshi,
then show us the dim-mak.
What the hell is a dim-mak?
Death touch.
Thanks.
Vic, choose a brick.
Okay, Frank.
What about this one?
No!
Bottom one.
(YELLING)
Whoa! Yeah!
(CROWD MURMURING)
Son of a bitch!
Is that good enough, guys?
We honor your invitation.
No shit, you honor his invitation!
(CROWD APPLAUDING)
That was great.
Very good, but brick not hit back.
RAWLINS: Here's a picture of the
man that we're looking for.
His name is Frank Dux.
We have reason to believe Frank is
here in Hong Kong.
His name was on a list
on a flight from San Francisco
two days ago.
Two days ago?
Maybe he already left,
went somewhere else.
(LAUGHS)
Asia's a very big place, you know.
We were hoping you'd hold on to
this for reference.
We're here because Frank is going
to fight in the kumite,
and we're here to stop him.
The kumite?
Yes.
Inspector Chen,
we all know that the kumite is
happening here in Hong Kong.
And we all know it's going on
over the next three days.
Look, Inspector, all we want you to do
is pass this picture out to your men.
If they spot Dux, they give us a call
at our hotel. Simple.
My men already overworked.
Hey, if it's too much trouble,
forget it. We just thought that...
HELMER: Inspector,
we're all overworked,
but we need your help.
I'll see what can be done.
You know where to reach us?
Mmm-hmm.
You'll come upstairs
with me for an interview.
Like hell! Let go of me.
You want Hossein, no?
No. Hossein is an asshole.
What did you call me?
You want me to spell it out for you?
Leave the girl alone.
He is the American shithead
who makes tricks with bricks.
Guess the kumite starts one day
earlier this year, huh, fellas?
Look, guys, let's all
just calm down, okay?
No.
She is coming with me upstairs.
No, I'm not.
If we have to fight for her,
then both of us will be
thrown out of the kumite.
Just for her?
We could arrange this another way.
Do you gamble?
What is bet?
You hold this.
If I can grab it before
you close your hand,
I get the girl.
If I cannot,
she's yours.
HOSSEIN: Very good.
What? You can't do this!
Just relax.
Take it.
Oh, jeez, Frankie, I hope
you know what you're doing.
Ready?
Go.
Ha!
You lose, American asshole.
(SNIGGERS)
Looks like she's mine.
Now leave the lady alone.
You understand that?
(SIGHS)
Why were you with Hossein?
I've been trying to get
a story on the kumite.
I'm a reporter.
He tell you anything?
He told me I had nice legs.
He's right about that.
Why is it that no one
will talk about the kumite?
What is this air of mystery?
I'm just trying to find
out what it's all about.
Why are you fighting in it?
It's personal.
You want to prove your
manhood to the world?
The kumite is for the fighters,
not for the people
who read newspapers.
I've heard that it's
unnecessarily brutal,
like a cockfight,
except it's with people.
(SIGHS) You have the wrong picture.
Will you tell me about it, Frank?
I want to have the right picture.
Okay, I'll talk to you,
but one condition.
What's that?
You agree to have dinner with me
tomorrow night.
Well, actually, I was hoping
Hossein would be free.
(EXHALING SLOWLY)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
That hurts me just looking at it.
Yo, Frankie!
Earth to Frankie. This is
ground control. Do you copy?
It's time to get ready.
Hey, you know, you better stop
doing that stuff.
You might want to have kids
one of these days.
(EXHALES SLOWLY)
Victor's downstairs. Kumite
Express leaves in five minutes.
(EXHALES)
Are you ready?
(GRUNTS)
(SIGHS) I am ready.
(RHYTHMIC DRUMMING)
You can almost smell the adrenaline
in this place, can't you?
Yeah.
They are gonna love me over here.
You really love Asians
because we're good-looking.
(DRUMMING CONTINUES)
(GONG BANGS)
OSHIMA: Welcome,
warriors of the world.
Today you become part of a tradition
that began hundreds of years ago.
The kumite was first
used by the Kokuryukai,
the Black Dragon Society,
to measure the fighting
skills and spirit
of its members.
Every five years, the
best fighters in its ranks
would face each other in full contact,
with one winner emerging
as the superior warrior,
the champion.
The Kokuryukai has been joined
by the International
Fighting Arts Association
as co-sponsor for this event
and as the guardians of a
rich and powerful heritage.
After three days,
one fighter will prove
himself to be the best.
May the mightiest warrior prevail!
(CROWD CHEERING)
(SHOUTING)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
Now, remember, it's full contact.
There are three ways to win.
One, you knock the guy out.
Two, your opponent quits
and shouts, "Mate."
It's like saying "uncle."
Three, you throw the fucker
right off the runway.
(MAN SHOUTS)
Piece of cake.
(SHOUTING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
(CROWD CHEERING)
That's why they call
this thing bloodsport, kid.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Watch this, Frankie. I'm gonna
show you how it's done, buddy.
(CROWD MURMURING)
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
(REFEREE SHOUTS)
Asshole.
(SHOUTS)
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(YELLS)
Come on, get up! Come on!
I'm gonna kill you, man!
Yeah, you, man.
You got it!
(CROWD CHEERING)
Huh, Frankie! Huh?
Look at him, buddy! Yeah!
Yeah!
You check that out? Thank you.
Good stuff, Jackson.
Thanks.
But what took you so long?
Oh, funny. Real funny.
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Chong Li! Chong Li! Chong Li!
What's going on?
It's Chong Li, the current champ.
He's never been defeated.
Holds all the records,
including the fastest KO.
He killed a guy during the last kumite.
Yep. He kicked the poor bastard
right in the throat.
Guy died right there on the platform.
Chong Li stood there
and watched him die.
(WHISTLING)
(REFEREE SHOUTS)
(BLOWING)
(SHOUTS)
(CROWD CHEERING)
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Chong Li! Chong Li! Chong Li!
(BELL RINGING)
Now I show you some trick or two.
(SHOUTS)
(CROWD CHEERING)
Wow!
Fastest thing I ever saw!
(GRUNTS)
Oh, yeah.
(BELL RINGING)
His first fight in the kumite,
he broke the fucking world record!
Yeah! That's my buddy!
(REFEREE SHOUTING)
(FIGHT TO SURVIVE PLAYING)
(GRUNTING)
♪ My body's ready My heart's on fire ♪
♪ I'm gonna push it over the wire ♪
♪ Perfect timing Tight as a drum ♪
♪ The final battle's already won ♪
♪ I'm taking hold of every moment ♪
♪ Given strength by the breath of life ♪
♪ I'm gonna stake my claim
I fight to survive! ♪
♪ Kumite, kumite Kumite, kumite ♪
♪ I've worked hard
every night and day ♪
♪ So I'm prepared to make my way ♪
♪ Mind and body are a perfect team ♪
♪ Now's my chance to live my dream ♪
♪ I'm taking hold of every moment ♪
♪ Given strength
by the breath of life ♪
♪ I'm gonna stake my claim
I fight to survive! ♪
Go home!
♪ Kumite, kumite Kumite, kumite ♪
(CROWD CHEERING)
(CHUCKLING)
This is real good stuff.
How's your eel, as good as mine?
I don't know, I haven't tasted it yet.
You gotta tell them to kill it first.
(CHUCKLES)
CHEN: You should ask for forks.
Inspector Chen.
What a pleasant surprise.
Please join us.
No. I never eat here.
I found some information for you.
What is it, Inspector?
Frank Dux is at the East
Lake Hotel in Kowloon.
Thank you. Thank you.
Hey.
Have some eel.
(SNIFFING)
Okay, Dux, you know why we're here.
We're taking you back,
Frank. Let's go.
Only when the kumite is over.
Who the hell are these two scumbags?
Just stay out of it, pal.
It's not your business, okay?
I ain't your pal, dick-face.
Look, Frank,
the government has invested a
lot of time and money in you.
Uncle Sam can't afford
to let you get hurt.
I won't get hurt.
That's why we're here,
to make sure of that.
Don't make it tough on us, Frank.
I'll be in the airport in two days.
That's not good enough.
Frank, read my lips.
We are taking you back now.
Don't make us use 50,000 volts on you.
(YELLS)
Excuse me.
You want to shit sparks?
You just stay put, okay?
Stay put.
(STEAL THE NIGHT PLAYING)
♪ Every one you win
Every one you choose ♪
♪ Every one you chase
Every one you lose ♪
♪ Every time you cry
Every time you lie ♪
♪ Everywhere you look
They just never know ♪
♪ And ain't it strange,
strange, strange ♪
♪ When the morning comes ♪
♪ We'll see the light ♪
♪ And when the night returns ♪
♪ We'll steal the night ♪
♪ See the golden dawn ♪
♪ And steal the night ♪
♪ You'll be where you belong ♪
♪ You'll steal the night ♪
♪ See the golden dawn ♪
♪ And steal the night ♪
♪ Be where you belong ♪
♪ You'll steal the night ♪
♪ You'll be where you belong ♪
♪ You'll see the golden dawn ♪
♪ And steal the night ♪
♪ You'll steal the night ♪
All those different
fighters in one event.
Sounds wild.
You have to see it to believe it.
Oh, come on, Frank.
Couldn't you just get me in?
I really want this story.
It would mean so much to me.
They have strict rules. No press.
I bet we could think of something.
I doubt it.
You telling me you never break rules?
What do you mean?
Who are Helmer and Rawlins?
Just friends. Why?
They must be very close friends.
They've been inquiring about you
all over Hong Kong.
What do you want from me?
Well, I'd really like you to
help me get into the kumite.
But more than that,
I'd really like to get to know you.
After all, we have all night.
I have to go.
I know.
Good luck today.
Thanks.
Meet me for dinner again tonight?
Sure.
About the kumite, I'm sorry.
I cannot help you.
It's okay.
I'll get over it.
See you.
(SIGHS)
Where the hell have you been?
You can't just disappear in the
middle of kumite like that!
I got a rep to uphold, you know.
You don't tell me nothing, and
Jackson don't tell me nothing.
You guys are driving me crazy!
Right now, hurry up and change.
Pick a brick, any brick.
I know. The bottom one, right?
(CLEARS THROAT)
(YELLS)
See? Not a scratch on it.
Not dim-mak.
Neither is this.
(YELLS)
For you.
Yo, Frankie! Whoa!
I hope we don't bump heads.
Come on, let's do it, buddy.
Feel strong today?
I feel fine.
Good. You're a good fighter.
You good.
Good. Thanks.
This isn't the first time I've had
to go undercover to get a story.
(REFEREE SHOUTS)
(SHOUTS)
(CROWD CHEERING)
(GROANS)
(CROWD BOOING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
Yeah!
CROWD: (CHANTING) Chong Li!
(GROANS)
CROWD: Chong Li!
Chong Li! Chong Li!
(INAUDIBLE)
(YELLS)
(CROWD CHEERING)
(SHOUTS)
(GROANS)
(REFEREE SHOUTING)
(SHOUTS)
(YELLS)
(GROANS)
(BODY THUDDING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
(GROANS)
Yeah!
(GROANING)
(YELLING)
(CROWD CHEERING)
All right, Frankie! Yeah!
Well done!
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Dux! Dux! Dux!
Time to separate the men from the boys.
Just be careful Chong Li doesn't
separate your head from your body.
Go for the gut. He's soft there.
What the hell are you talking about?
Chong Li's weak in the gut.
That's how Paredes surprised him.
Hey, you listen to me?
Go for the stomach and stay away
from his right leg.
Will you stop worrying, Frankie?
I've got it under control.
You sound like my mother.
Man alive.
(REFEREE SHOUTING)
(SHOUTS)
(GRUNTING)
I got him!
What are you doing? Keep going!
Jackson! Jackson!
(CROWD CHEERING)
J put him down!
He's dead! I got him! Yeah!
Yeah! Yeah!
Yeah!
(GROANING)
No, no! Stop!
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Chong Li! Chong Li! Chong Li!
Come back, Frank!
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
(HEART MONITOR BEEPING)
Ray.
Ray, I'm here.
Ray?
The doctor says you're gonna be okay.
You are lucky you have
a head like a rock.
Yeah, you'll be out of here in a week.
I'll get back at Chong Li.
That's a promise.
JANICE: Do you think that's what he
wants, someone to share a room with?
Janice, stay out of this.
Frank, I don't want to see you get hurt.
Then don't watch.
If you want to argue, go elsewhere, please.
Sorry.
You're not even trying to understand
what this means to us, are you?
What is there to understand
about a bunch of guys
who have to prove themselves by
beating each other's brains out?
Why did you become a reporter?
What does that have to do with it?
Just answer the question.
My father was a reporter.
I was a good writer. It seemed like
the right thing for me to do.
And you want to be the best reporter
you can be, for him and yourself, right?
Yes, that's right.
Well, I'm just trying
to be the best I can be.
Not just for me, for Tanaka,
my shidoshi, too.
Great, Frank, that's just great!
Go right ahead!
I just hope you don't end up like
Jackson, or worse!
But I'm not going to stand around
and watch it.
You're blowing it, Frank.
Forget about the girl.
Forget about getting back
at Chong Li for Ray.
You have a chance to take it all
tomorrow. Do you understand?
You can be the first
Westerner to win this thing.
But you got to have a clear head.
You hear me?
(THANKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
Why are you so interested
in stopping the kumite?
Someone almost got killed there today.
I have a friend fighting in it.
I don't want him to get hurt.
(BOTH SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
Who is your friend?
His name is
Frank Dux.
(ON MY OWN, ALONE PLAYING)
♪ It hurts to find
you've failed the test ♪
♪ Knowing that you gave your best ♪
♪ As your friend I'll never let you down ♪
♪ I know you didn't mean to leave me ♪
♪ On my own, alone ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ Gonna gather my strength ♪
♪ Gonna find the power ♪
♪ You know I'm gonna make it right ♪
♪ On my own, alone ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ I can be strong ♪
♪ Alone On my own ♪
(VOCALIZING)
♪ I can be strong ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ On my own On my own ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
(PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
(LAUGHING)
You guys here for the finals?
There aren't going to be any
finals, Dux, at least not for you.
Don't try to stop me.
We're not. He will.
I did not come this far to stop now.
You shouldn't have come in the first place.
Take him.
(SHOUTING ORDERS IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
You know, you're really being a hard-ass
about this, Frank.
Oh, careful.
Put these on, and we won't
have to use these.
It's the last warning, Frank.
(BOTH GROANING)
Inspector, no. We've got to
take him back.
Frank, would you give us a break here?
We've been chasing you all over Hong Kong.
Can we stop this?
Okay, Frank, you win.
But it's wrong what you're doing.
It's a mistake.
I'll meet you at the airport tomorrow.
Now what?
How are we going to stop him?
Follow me.
Time's up. We can't wait any longer.
Come on, give me one more minute.
I give you my word. He'll be here.
We must follow the rules.
Where's Mr. Dux?
You know, I wish everyone would
just calm down. I said he'll be here.
Too late.
Too late?
No such thing as too late.
VICTOR: Ah, finally.
It's about fucking time! Sorry.
How do you feel today, Dux?
I feel good.
I am ready.
Dux, my man!
(ALL CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
(INAUDIBLE)
(REFEREE SHOUTING)
(SHOUTS)
(CROWD CHEERING)
(GROANS)
(PANTING)
Come on! Come on!
(YELLING)
(CROWD APPLAUDING)
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Dux! Dux! Dux!
Well done.
(SIGHS)
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
(REFEREE SHOUTING)
(SHOUTS)
(GROANS)
(BONE CRACKING)
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Chong Li! Chong Li! Chong Li!
(CHANTING STOPS)
You are next!
(PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY)
Prepare the platform for the final match.
This is it, Frank.
You can make history here today.
Frank?
You okay?
Yeah.
(SHOUTING)
(REFEREE SHOUTING)
You break my record, now I break you
like I break your friend.
(BLOWS)
(SHOUTS)
(YELLING)
Get in there, Dux! Come on!
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
Come on! Get up, Frank!
(YELLS)
PEOPLE: (CHANTING)
Chong Li! Chong Li!
Dux! Dux!
(YELLING)
Right on!
Come on now, Dux! Come on!
(GRUNTING)
More! More!
(GASPS)
(YELLS)
(CROWD EXCLAIMS)
(GROANS)
Up! Up!
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Chong Li! Chong Li!
(WHOOPING)
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
(GROANING)
(SCREAMING)
Get up, Frankie!
(YELLING)
(ALL CHEERING INAUDIBLY)
All right!
(LAUGHING INAUDIBLY)
(YELLING)
(CROWD APPLAUDING)
(FRANK YELLING)
Say it!
Mate.
(CROWD CHEERING)
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Dux! Dux!
OSHIMA: Mr. Dux,
you fought with inspiration.
We of the Kokuryukai salute you.
This is for you, Shidoshi.
So you stomped him real
good, huh, Frankie?
JANICE: Worse.
What do you mean?
He made him say, "Mate."
All right, Frankie!
But don't you get too cocky
because you might have to
go up against me next time.
FRANK: I promise.
Mmm-hmm.
You guys are out of your minds.
I'll drink to that!
(JANICE LAUGHING)
By the way, next time you fight,
try to keep your clothes on.
Anytime, any place, anywhere.
If you ever need me, I'll be there.
I love you, my friend.
Me, too.
Take care.
(SIGHS)
(SCOFFS)
He's not going to show.
Looks like he did it to us again, huh?
FRANK: (WHISTLES)
Hey, guys?
You coming, or what?
Hmm.
You son of a bitch.
You're always late!
You know, you're really a pain in the
ass, you know that?
I'm just glad you're on our side, kid.
(FIGHT TO SURVIVE PLAYING)
♪ My body's ready My heart's on fire ♪
♪ I'm gonna push it over the wire ♪
♪ Perfect timing Tight as a drum ♪
♪ The final battle's already won ♪
♪ I'm taking hold of every moment ♪
♪ Given strength by the breath of life ♪
♪ I'm gonna stake my claim
I fight to survive! ♪
♪ Kumite, kumite Kumite, kumite ♪
♪ I've worked hard every night and day ♪
♪ So I'm prepared to make my way ♪
♪ Mind and body are a perfect team ♪
♪ Now's my chance to live my dream ♪
♪ I'm taking hold of every moment ♪
♪ Given strength by the breath of life ♪
♪ I'm gonna stake my claim
I fight to survive! ♪
♪ Kumite, kumite Kumite, kumite ♪
♪ I've worked hard every night and day ♪
♪ So I'm prepared to make my way ♪
♪ Mind and body are a perfect team ♪
♪ Now's my chance to live my dream ♪
♪ I'm taking hold of every moment ♪
♪ Given strength by the breath of life ♪
♪ I'm gonna stake my claim
I fight to survive! ♪
♪ Kumite, kumite Kumite, kumite ♪
♪ My body's ready My heart's on fire ♪
♪ I'm gonna push it over the wire ♪
♪ Perfect timing Tight as a drum ♪
♪ The final battle's already won ♪
♪ I'm taking hold of every moment ♪
♪ Given strength by the breath of life ♪
♪ I'm gonna stake my claim
I fight to survive! ♪
♪ Kumite, kumite Kumite, kumite ♪